Codepen: https://codepen.io/BritHemming/pen/eYYEoPa?editors=1100

Review: 
1. What is Semantic HTML? 
A semantic HTML tells the browser exactly what the content does
    2. What is HTML used for? 
HTML is used to create connections between the browser and the user
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute provides additional information and it does right after a semantic html in the opening
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
H1 tag is used for the most important header and only should be used once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
Href and img src
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
<header>
    7. What is an id? 
An id references a specific element
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any type of element because it is global
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
You can’t because an id references to a specific element
    10. What is a class? 
A class styles multiple elements
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any type of element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
However much times needed
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Add the attribute “target_blank” inside of an anchor tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
To name the image
    15. How do I reference an id?
#idname
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
A section organizes content on the webpage, versus a div is an empty container
    17. What is CSS used for? 
To add style to the webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
By inputting just h2 in CSS versus <h2>
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might    use each one
An id is to a specific element versus a class are to multiple elements. For example, a class could be used to give every type of header the same color, but the HTML coding for it wont all be in the same container. And a id could be used to target one specific container of paragraphs that wouldn’t be used anywhere else on the page.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
Classes are selected with a period then the class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
`.human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
The child is a element within a whole container (parent is the name of the container) this would be useful when you are targeting a very specific element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
Creates more interaction for the user (example: :hover)
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
Text-transform: Capitalization | lowercase | uppercase
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
Div {
Border: 1px dotted black;
}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
Ctrl a
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
<!-- txt -->
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
$ pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
$ ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
$ rm and because once you delete it, there is no recovering it
    34. Why should I use version control? 
That way just incase anything happens, you always have your previous version to work on versus needing to start from scratch
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Any type new important information was added
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
Git push 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow.
Cd desktop
Cd folder name
Git clone (copy and paste in github link)
Cd project name
Git checkout -b firstname-lastname
Work on project…
Git add .
Git commit -m “note:
Git push -u origin branch-name